Brother Tao, why didn't you go up just now?
Hi.
I'm afraid of hurting him, isn't Lin Mengqi sad?
I don't want him to be sad, I fuck Brother Tao
I didn't see it. You're still a pure love warrior
Go away hahahaha this
Hey, it's not for you, Chen Xuyao.
How do you always find me?
I put the location in Zhang Qiang's phone.
When he told me where you were
I already know where you are
Hmm ok hey
I heard you kissed Huang Qingqing
I want it today too
Does Mr. Xu want to consider taking care of me?
The female hooligan is really scary, dad and son, okay?
Look at my King Kong without breaking the iron head
And so on.
Xu Tao, we are all human performers of virtual idols
So it's useless to do anything special
It depends on real strength, and you also have the system.
Then we should be friends.
Killing you is my ultimate character
Don't be a big deal. Can't you unload the APP? Go to hell.
Son run run run